fjdslkfjdl 0 tttttt
fjdlsjfkl 2 oooolll
rwrewrew 4 fjdslkjfdl
fjdlskjfldjflj 6 rewrewrew
fjdlskjfldjflj 8 rewrewrew
fjdlskjfldjflj 10 rewrewrew
fjdlskjfldjflj 12 rewrewrew
fjdlskjfldjflj 14 rewrewrew
fjdslkfjdl 16 tttttt
fjdlsjfkl 18 oooolll
rwrewrew 10 fjdslkjfdl
fjdlskjfldjflj b rewrewrew
fjdlskjfldjflj 12 rewrewrew
fjdlskjfldjflj d rewrewrew
fjdlskjfldjflj 14 rewrewrew
fjdlskjfldjflj f rewrewrew
fjdslkfjdl 16 tttttt
fjdlsjfkl 11 oooolll
rwrewrew 18 fjdslkjfdl
fjdlskjfldjflj 13 rewrewrew
fjdlskjfldjflj 20 rewrewrew
fjdlskjfldjflj 30 rewrewrew
fjdlskjfldjflj 54 rewrewrew
fjdlskjfldjflj 68 rewrewrew
fjdlsjfkl -2 oooolll
rwrewrew -4 fjdslkjfdl
fjdlskjfldjflj -6 rewrewrew
fjdlskjfldjflj -8 rewrewrew
fjdlskjfldjflj -10 rewrewrew
fjdlskjfldjflj -12 rewrewrew
fjdlskjfldjflj -14 rewrewrew
fjdslkfjdl -16 tttttt
fjdlsjfkl -18 oooolll
rwrewrew -10 fjdslkjfdl
fjdlskjfldjflj -b rewrewrew
fjdlskjfldjflj -12 rewrewrew
fjdlskjfldjflj -d rewrewrew
fjdlskjfldjflj -14 rewrewrew
fjdlskjfldjflj -f rewrewrew
fjdslkfjdl -16 tttttt
fjdlsjfkl -11 oooolll
rwrewrew -18 fjdslkjfdl
fjdlskjfldjflj -13 rewrewrew
fjdlskjfldjflj -20 rewrewrew
fjdlskjfldjflj -30 rewrewrew
fjdlskjfldjflj -54 rewrewrew
fjdlskjfldjflj -68 rewrewrew
